docs: tooltip [OR-589] (#1451)
Financial-Times/origami: apps/for-everyone-website/src/content/docs/components/tooltip-onboarding.mdx

---
title: Onboarding Tooltips
description: Onboarding Tooltips help for a smoother introduction to new features or functionality.
sidebar:
    badge:
        text: New
        variant: tip
---
import { default as OnboardingTooltipAnatomy } from '../../../components/OnboardingTooltipAnatomy.astro';

Onboarding Tooltips help for a smoother introduction to new features or functionality.

- Contain only descriptive unformatted text with an optional title for emphasis.
- Should provide insights or tips that enhance, but aren't critical to, user understanding.
- Appear only once; dismissing them removes them permanently.

## Anatomy

<OnboardingTooltipAnatomy />

> 1. <strong>Heading (optional)</strong>: Generally, it's best to omit the heading to maintain simplicity and accessibility. Employ a heading only when it's imperative for understanding.

Reviewer: We can't emphasis the heading to assistive tech, which means we should never use a heading if it is imperative for understanding. How about?

```suggestion
1. <strong>Heading (optional)</strong>: It's best to omit the tooltip heading as emphasis cannot be portrayed to screenreader users. Employ a heading only for presentational reasons, provided emphasis is not required for understanding.
```

> 2. <strong>Text</strong>: The main content pro  viding detailed explanation or information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. <strong>Text</strong>: The main content providing detailed explanation or information.
```
